Qualys v2 fix (#18934)
demisto/content: Packs/qualys/Integrations/Qualysv2/README.md

| --- |---| --- |
| ids | A comma-separated list of host IDs/ranges. A host ID range is specified with a hyphen (for example, 190-400). Valid host IDs are required.                                                                                                                                                                                   | Optional | 
| ips | A comma-separated list of host IP addresses/ranges. An IP address range is specified with a hyphen (for example, 10.10.30.1-10.10.30.50).                                                                                                                                                                                    | Optional | 
| qids | A comma-separated list of valid detection record QIDs. A range is specified with a dash (for example, 68518-68522).                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Optional | 

> | severities | A comma-separated list of severity levels. A range (for example, 1-3) is specified with a dash (low 1-5 high) .                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| severities | A comma-separated list of severity levels. A range is specified with a dash (for example, 1-5 where 1 is low and 5 is high) .                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Optional | 
```

> | severities | A comma-separated list of severity levels. A range (for example, 1-3) is specified with a dash (low 1-5 high) .                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Optional | 

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be 1 - low, 5 - high ?

#### Human Readable Output

>### Host Detection List
>
>|ID| IP       |DNS_DATA|DETECTIONS|38170|38173|38601|38628|38657|70000|90882|
>|----------|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|

> >| 35700896 | test_ip1 | HOSTNAME: i-070b64d396f8037e7 |   | Certificate #0 CN=WIN-2IDQKTU63RC (WIN-2IDQKTU63RC) doesn&apos;t resolve | Certificate #0 CN=WIN-2IDQKTU63RC unable to get local issuer certificate | CIPHER	KEY-EXCHANGE	AUTHENTICATION	MAC	ENCRYPTION(KEY-STRENGTH)	GRADE<br/>TLSv1 WITH RC4 CIPHERS IS SUPPORTED	 	 	 	 	 <br/>RC4-MD5	RSA	RSA	MD5	RC4(128)	MEDIUM<br/>RC4-SHA	RSA	RSA	SHA1	RC4(128)	MEDIUM<br/>TLSv1.1 WITH RC4 CIPHERS IS SUPPORTED	 	 	 	 	 <br/>RC4-MD5	RSA	RSA	MD5	RC4(128)	MEDIUM<br/>RC4-SHA	RSA	RSA	SHA1	RC4(128)	MEDIUM<br/>TLSv1.2 WITH RC4 CIPHERS IS SUPPORTED	 	 	 	 	 <br/>RC4-MD5	RSA	RSA	MD5	RC4(128)	MEDIUM<br/>RC4-SHA	RSA	RSA	SHA1	RC4(128)	MEDIUM | TLSv1.0 is supported | CIPHER	KEY-EXCHANGE	AUTHENTICATION	MAC	ENCRYPTION(KEY-STRENGTH)	GRADE<br/>TLSv1 WITH 64-BIT CBC CIPHERS IS SUPPORTED	 	 	 	 	 <br/>DES-CBC3-SHA	RSA	RSA	SHA1	3DES(168)	MEDIUM<br/>TLSv1.1 WITH 64-BIT CBC CIPHERS IS SUPPORTED	 	 	 	 	 <br/>DES-CBC3-SHA	RSA	RSA	SHA1	3DES(168)	MEDIUM<br/>TLSv1.2 WITH 64-BIT CBC CIPHERS IS SUPPORTED	 	 	 	 	 <br/>DES-CBC3-SHA	RSA	RSA	SHA1	3DES(168)	MEDIUM | WIN-2IDQKTU63RC | RDP Supported Encryption methods:  RC4(40 bit),RC4(56 bit) |

Reviewer: Please make sure that the data returned here is dummy

>| 0 | PF3 | (GMT -09:00) French Polynesia, Gambier Islands |
>| 1 | US-AK | (GMT -09:00) United States, Alaska |
>| 1 | CA-BC | (GMT -08:00) Canada, British Columbia (Pacific Standard Time) |

### qualys-host-list-detection
***
Get a list of hosts with the hosts latest vulnerability data. The list is based on the host based scan data available in the user’s account.

#### Base Command

`qualys-host-list-detection`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ids | A comma-separated list of host IDs/ranges. A host ID range is specified with a hyphen (for example, 190-400). Valid host IDs are required. | Optional | 
| ips | A comma-separated list of host IP addresses/ranges. An IP address range is specified with a hyphen (for example, 10.10.30.1-10.10.30.50). | Optional | 
| qids | A comma-separated list of valid detection record QIDs. A range is specified with a dash (for example, 68518-68522). | Optional | 

> | severities | A comma-separated list of severity levels. A range (for example, 1-3) is specified with a dash (for example, 1-5 where 1 is low and 5 is high). | Optional | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| severities | A comma-separated list of severity levels. A range is specified with a dash (for example, 1-5 where 1 is low and 5 is high). | Optional | 
```
